Update learn-assets.md (#4052)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-assets.md

could not create a new account on-chain by transferring an insufficient asset to it; the account
must already exist by having more than the existential deposit {{ polkadot: in DOT :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: in KSM :kusama }} (or a sufficient asset). However, assets deemed _sufficient_ can
instantiate accounts and pay for transaction fees, such
that users can transact on {{ polkadot: Statemint without the need for DOT :polkadot }}
{{ kusama: Statemine without the need for KSM :kusama }}. 

> :::info Fees on Polkadot-JS UI 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info Transaction Fees on Polkadot-JS UI 
```

> Polkadot-JS UI [doesn't support this functionality yet](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/issues/7812). When using Polkadot-JS UI fees need to be paid in the native token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Polkadot-JS UI [doesn't support the functionality to pay with a sufficient asset yet](https://github.com/polkadot-js/apps/issues/7812). When using Polkadot-JS UI, transaction fee needs to be paid in {{ polkadot:  DOT :polkadot }}{{ kusama: KSM :kusama }}.
```
